updates to security guidelines and docker config (#2669)
pytorch/serve: SECURITY.md

2. Docker Scanning: Using Snyk
3. Code Analysis: Using CodeQL

## Important Security Guidelines

1. TorchServe listens on the following ports
    1. HTTP - `8080`, `8081`, `8082`
    2. gRPC - `7070`, `7071`

    These ports are accessible to `localhost` by default.  The address can be configured by following the [guide](https://github.com/pytorch/serve/blob/master/docs/configuration.md#configure-torchserve-listening-address-and-port)
    TorchServe does not prevent users from configuring the address to be `0.0.0.0`. Please be aware of the security risks if you use `0.0.0.0`
2. TorchServe's Docker image is conigured to listen to `localhost` by [default](https://github.com/pytorch/serve/blob/master/docker/config.properties)

> 

Reviewer: also mention that torchserve can run arbitrary python files so don't download mar files you don't trust from the internet

Author: done

Reviewer: the updated language is good but please explicitly also mention that torchserve executes arbitrary python files when running a mar file, the risk is not just in downloading

Author: Got it. So, how do they verify it? We should mention that too

Reviewer: There is no generic way to verify if a piece of python code is safe, they key is that it needs to be code from a source they trust

2. Docker Scanning: Using Snyk
3. Code Analysis: Using CodeQL

## Important Security Guidelines

1. TorchServe listens on the following ports
    1. HTTP - `8080`, `8081`, `8082`
    2. gRPC - `7070`, `7071`

    These ports are accessible to `localhost` by default.  The address can be configured by following the [guide](https://github.com/pytorch/serve/blob/master/docs/configuration.md#configure-torchserve-listening-address-and-port)
    TorchServe does not prevent users from configuring the address to be `0.0.0.0`. Please be aware of the security risks if you use `0.0.0.0`
2. TorchServe's Docker image is configured to expose the ports `8080`, `8081`, `8082`, `7070`, `7071` to the host by default(https://github.com/pytorch/serve/blob/master/docker/Dockerfile). When these ports are mapped to the host, make sure to use `localhost` or a specific ip address.

3. Be sure to validate the authenticity of the `.mar` file being used with TorchServe.
    1. A `.mar` file being downloaded from the internet from an untrusted source may have malicious code, compromising the integrity of your application

>     2. TorchServe executes arbitrary python code packaged in the `mar` file. Make sure the code being packaged is not creating a security risk.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    2. TorchServe executes arbitrary python code packaged in the `mar` file. Make sure that you've either audited that the code you're using is safe and/or is from a source that you trust
```

> 

Reviewer 2: archiver can support mar, tgz and folder. we can make it more generic at this section to let cx know they are responsible for the security of the code in model artifacts
